Added Alias record set information for CNAME record for custom domain in static web app (#109738)
Azure/azure-content: articles/static-web-apps/custom-domain-azure-dns.md

    | TTL | Keep default value. |
    | TTL unit | Keep default value. |
    | Alias | Paste in the Static Web Apps generated URL you set aside in a previous step. Make sure to remove the `https://` prefix from your URL. |
    

> Additionally, you can select **Yes** for **Alias recrod set** and select the your static web app instead of explicitly providing the URL to take advantages of Alias record sets like [prevention from dangling DNS records](/azure/dns/dns-alias#prevent-dangling-dns-records).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additionally, you can select **Yes** for **Alias record set** and select the your static web app instead of explicitly providing the URL to take advantage of alias record sets like [prevention from dangling DNS records](/azure/dns/dns-alias#prevent-dangling-dns-records).
```
Can you please accept this suggestion?

> Additionally, you can select **Yes** for **Alias recrod set** and select the your static web app instead of explicitly providing the URL to take advantages of Alias record sets like [prevention from dangling DNS records](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dns/dns-alias#prevent-dangling-dns-records).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can select **Yes** for **Alias recrod set** and select the your static web app instead of explicitly providing the URL to take advantages of Alias record sets like [prevention from dangling DNS records](/azure/dns/dns-alias#prevent-dangling-dns-records).
```
